---
layout: post
title: "Reading"
description: ""
category: random
tags: [books, summer, random]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Perhaps one of the greatest downsides to education is how much and how often it tends to interfere with learning. The further into my life I get, and the busier I get, I find I have less and less time to pursue other interests. One of the first things I found myself sacrificing was reading. I still read, of course, but rarely do I read anything outside of what is required of me by class or work. This summer I decided that I was going to rectify this problem, and I have been setting aside small amount of time every day to read (this is made quite easy by the fact that I take the train to work). I generally read for about 30 minutes to an hour every day, and in the past two weeks I have already finished 3 books!

### The List:

This is my reading list that I hope to get through for the summer(The books I have completed are in bold):

* **_Proof of Heaven_ - Eben Alexander**
* _Quiet_ - Susan Cain
* **_Outliers_ - Malcolm Gladwell**
* **_Blink_ - Malcolm Gladwell**
* _Think Fast and Slow_ - Daniel Kahneman
* _A Short History of Nearly Everything_ - Bill Bryson
* _The Tipping Point_ - Malcolm Gladwell
* _The God Delusion_ - Richard Dawkins
* _Surely You're Joking Mr.Feynman_ - Richard Feynman
* **_Collapse_ - Jared Diamond**
* _The Know it All_ - A.J. Jacobs
* _The Structure of Scientific Revolutions_ - Thomas Kuhn 
* _Mediotations_ - Marcus Aurelius - Translation by Gregory Hays 
* _The Genealogy of Morals_ - Friedrich Nietzsche
* _The Warmth of Other Suns_ - Isabel Wilkerson

You may notice that the list is mostly non-fiction, this was a concious choice, though if anyone has any suggestions of fiction I should read, I would love to hear them! Indeed I would love to hear people thoughts on this list, these books, and any suggestions for other good summer reads.

